Docs: console doc fixes WIP (#4043)
EnMasseProject/enmasse: documentation/modules/proc-change-address-space-auth-service-console.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-managing-address-spaces.adoc

[id='proc-change-address-space-auth-service-console-{context}']
= Changing the authentication service associated with an address space using the {ConsoleName}

> You can change the authentication service that is associated with an address space using the  {ConsoleName}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the authentication service that is associated with an address space using the {ConsoleName}.
```

.Prerequisites
* You must have already created an address space. For more information see link:{BookUrlBase}{BaseProductVersion}{BookNameUrl}#proc-create-address-space-console-messaging[Creating an address space using the {ConsoleName}].

.Procedure

. Log in to the {ConsoleName}. For more information, see link:{BookUrlBase}{BaseProductVersion}{BookNameUrl}#logging-into-console-messaging[Accessing the {ConsoleName}].

> . Locate the address space for which you want to change the address space plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Locate the address space for which you want to change the authentication service.
```
